Add LSP20 Specification (#193)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md

#### transferOwnership

```solidity
function transferOwnership(address newPendingOwner) external payable;
```

This function is part of the [LSP14] specification, with additional requirements as follows:

> - MUST allow the owner to call the function. 

Reviewer: Suggested changes

```suggestion
- if the caller is the owner, it MUST run the function directly. 
```

  
- MUST be payable.

- MUST emit a [`ValueReceived`] event if value was sent along the function call.

- MUST emit only the first 256 bytes of the dataValue parameter in the [DataChanged] event.

#### setData (Array)

```solidity
function setData(bytes32[] memory dataKeys, bytes[] memory dataValues) external payable;
```

This function is part of the [ERC725Y] specification, with additional requirements as follows:

- MUST allow the owner to call the function. 

- If the caller is not the owner, the function MUST call the [`lsp20VerifyCall(..)`](./LSP-20-CallVerification.md#lsp20verifycall) function on the [owner](#owner) as per the [LSP20-ReverseVerification] specification.

  The function MUST be called **before the execution of the setData logic**, passing the caller, value sent to the function, and the data sent (function selector + arguments + extra calldata) as parameters. 

  The function should only continue executing if the `lsp20VerifyCall(..)` function returns bytes4 where the first bytes3 match the first bytes3 of the `lsp20VerifyCall(..)` selector, otherwise MUST revert.

> - If the `lsp20VerifyCall(..)` function is called and returns bytes4 where the first bytes3 match the first bytes3 of the lsp20VerifyCall selector, and the last byte is strictly `0x01`, the function MUST call the [`lsp20VerifyCallResult(..)`](./LSP-20-CallVerification.md#lsp20verifycallresult) function on the [owner](#owner) as per the [LSP20-ReverseVerification] specification.

Reviewer: I wonder if this is worth repeting, since it is already mentioned below:

<img width="673" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31145285/225969389-7af41143-c580-4a9c-95bc-67c8b2e6d112.png">

Reviewer: @YamenMerhi I will mark this as resolved, but I believe we can probably shorten.
